cloud integration guides (Azure, Amazon) (#6403)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Integration Guides/60 Manage Amazon S3 Storage with DevExtreme Components/40 Common Techniques.md

      }

      createDirectory(key, name) {
        return this.gateway.createDirectory(key, name);
      }
    ...

The `FileManager` component can allow users to download multiple files at once. We can bundle these files into an archive on the server:

    <!--tab: AmazonS3Provider.cs -->
    public async Task<FileContentResult> DownloadItemsAsync(string[] keys) {
        if (keys == null || keys.Length == 0)
            return null;

        if (keys.Length > 1) {
            return await DownloadFilesAsArchive(keys);
        } 

        return await DownloadSingleFile(keys[0]);
    }

    public async Task<FileContentResult> DownloadFilesAsArchive(string[] keys) {
        using (var memoryStream = new MemoryStream()) {
            using (var zipArchive = new ZipArchive(memoryStream, ZipArchiveMode.Create, true)) {
                foreach (var file in keys) {
                    ...

Make sure to adjust your client-side code accordingly:

    <!--tab: amazon.filesystem.js -->
    async downloadItems(items) {
        const keys = items.map((x) => x.key);
        const fileName = keys.length > 1 ? 'archive.zip' : this.getFileNameFromKey(keys[0]);
        ...

> If you ever need to abort the upload mid-way, you can use the abortFileUpload method of the AWS API. This capability is critical for graceful handling of upload interruptions. Create a function that sends an upload termination request to the Amazon server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you ever need to abort the upload midway, you can use the abortFileUpload method of the AWS API. This capability is critical for graceful handling of upload interruptions. Create a function that sends an upload termination request to the Amazon server:
```

    async abortFileUpload(fileData, uploadInfo, destinationDirectory) {
      const key = `${destinationDirectory?.key ?? ''}${fileData.name}`;
      const uploadId = this.getUploadId(fileData.name);
      const params = { uploadId, key };
      const requestOptions = {
        method: 'POST',
        headers: this.defaultHeaders,
      };
      return this.makeRequest('abortUpload', params, requestOptions);
    }

> Pass this function to the `onUploadAborted` event of the `FileUploader` component, or use it to construct a custom filesystem provider for the `FileManager`.

Reviewer: Is "filesystem provider" technically correct? Or should it be "file system provider"?

Author: Thank you for noticing! You're right: https://js.devexpress.com/React/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFileManager/File_System_Providers/
